README.md, before:

# Unit 12 Homework - Employee Tracker

## Badges

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

I was given the assignment through Triliogy/WASHU Coding Bootcamp to "architect and build a solution for managing a company's employees using node, inquirer, and MySQL". The user story was that, "As a business owner I want to be able to view and manage the departments, roles, and employees in my company So that I can organize and plan my business".

## Table of Contents

  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Credits](#credits)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Tests](#tests)
  * [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

<!-- Run ```npm i``` in the terminal.    -->

## Usage

<!-- Once you have ran the installation above and everything has successfully installed, run ```node app.js``` in the terminal. Answer each question when prompted.  A ```team.html``` file will be created in your ```output``` folder - this file can be opened in your default browser. 

The demo is avaliable [here](https://jferguson1903.github.io/Unit8-HW/Images/TeamSample.mp4).
 -->
 
## Credits

* Starter code and project idea provided by © 2021 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
<!-- * [Paal Williams](https://github.com/paalwilliams) demonstration to Bootcamp class
* [Example](https://github.com/SBoudrias/Inquirer.js/issues/45) of using the ```when``` function in Inquirer
* [Code](http://www.penandpaperprogrammer.com/blog/2018/12/16/repeating-questions-with-inquirerjs) used for looping inquirer questions
* [Inquirer.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer#documentation) Documentation
* [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/?preview.text=Manager&preview.text_type=custom&category=Serif,Sans+Serif&sidebar.open=true&selection.family=Fredericka+the+Great|Lobster|Lustria|Shadows+Into+Light) for updated fonts
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/getting-started/introduction/)
 -->

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Jessica Ferguson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Tests

<!-- Run ```npm test``` in the terminal to test the object classes.

Open ```team.html``` in the browser to validate file compilation and esthetics.  -->

## Questions

If you have any questions about the repo, open an issue or contact me directly at jferguson1903@gmail.com. You can find more of my work on my GitHub [JFerguson1903](https://github.com/JFerguson1903).

Commit message:

detail on seed.sql added

README.md, after:

# Unit 12 Homework - Employee Tracker

## Badges

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

I was given the assignment through Triliogy/WASHU Coding Bootcamp to "architect and build a solution for managing a company's employees using node, inquirer, and MySQL". The user story was that, "As a business owner I want to be able to view and manage the departments, roles, and employees in my company So that I can organize and plan my business".  I have used the American version of "The Office" as my source of ```seed.sql``` data.

## Table of Contents

  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Credits](#credits)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Tests](#tests)
  * [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

<!-- Run ```npm i``` in the terminal.    -->

## Usage

<!-- Once you have ran the installation above and everything has successfully installed, run ```node app.js``` in the terminal. Answer each question when prompted.  A ```team.html``` file will be created in your ```output``` folder - this file can be opened in your default browser. 

The demo is avaliable [here](https://jferguson1903.github.io/Unit8-HW/Images/TeamSample.mp4).
 -->

## Credits

* Starter code and project idea provided by © 2021 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
<!-- * [Paal Williams](https://github.com/paalwilliams) demonstration to Bootcamp class
* [Example](https://github.com/SBoudrias/Inquirer.js/issues/45) of using the ```when``` function in Inquirer
* [Code](http://www.penandpaperprogrammer.com/blog/2018/12/16/repeating-questions-with-inquirerjs) used for looping inquirer questions
* [Inquirer.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer#documentation) Documentation
* [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/?preview.text=Manager&preview.text_type=custom&category=Serif,Sans+Serif&sidebar.open=true&selection.family=Fredericka+the+Great|Lobster|Lustria|Shadows+Into+Light) for updated fonts
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/getting-started/introduction/)
 -->

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Jessica Ferguson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Tests

<!-- Run ```npm test``` in the terminal to test the object classes.

Open ```team.html``` in the browser to validate file compilation and esthetics.  -->

## Questions

If you have any questions about the repo, open an issue or contact me directly at jferguson1903@gmail.com. You can find more of my work on my GitHub [JFerguson1903](https://github.com/JFerguson1903).
